---
layout: post
title:  "Name Change"
categories: trans
---

My name change became official today. My legal name is now Eleanor Blanchard
Dicharry. I want to say that I feel that my parents chose a wonderful name for a
boy, and I often proudly told people how cool I thought they were for just
making my name Will on my birth certificate. It is the only name that all of you
knew to call me for so many special times in my life, and those memories,
events, and experiences have made me the person I am today. I want you all to
know that changing my name doesn't make any of that less important or less
cherished.

I honestly don't know for sure when I chose the name Eleanor, but I know that
when I was around 11 or 12 years old, I read the name Tolkien gave the flowers
that grow in Lorien, Elanor, and I connected it to the name Eleanor. I remember
thinking how beautiful it would feel to have a name like that. It felt delicate,
intricate, and magical to me. If I had been asked how I felt about my gender
when I was young (and if I'd been able to articulate the jumble of feelings I
had and give an honest answer), I think I would have said that I would prefer to
have been born as a girl, and that it hurt that it couldn't be that way, but I
was born how I was born so that's that. Despite that, my love for the name
stayed with me, and I can remember the same feelings as I encountered the
real-world name at different times throughout my life. When the name Eleanor
appeared in a book or somewhere in my life, my mind always stopped to hold on to
it. Later on, it was one of the first names I thought about giving my daughters.
It was a name I thought about all the time, and whenever I did, the same
feelings would resurface. I sometimes repeated it in my head or quietly to
myself. It felt elegant. It felt beautiful.

Last summer, I began attending a transfeminine support group. Because of the
pandemic, it was on Zoom. Before logging in, I was terrified. Prior to joining
the support group, as far as I know, I had never met another trans person. I was
afraid my identity wasn't valid, that I wasn't a "real" trans person, that I
couldn't possibly know what it meant to be trans because I have had what is by
any objective measure a privileged life. There were so many thoughts, feelings,
and fears I had to understand and conquer just to come out to myself that I
hadn't yet spent a lot of time thinking about whether I was going to change my
name, or, if I did, what it was going to be.

Now, joining the support group, was the first time I needed to introduce myself
to anyone as the person I finally understood myself to be. Without the pandemic,
it might have been possible for me to attend in person and acknowledge that I
just hadn't figured out this part of me yet. Zoom's user interface isn't
designed for this kind of existential uncertainty. Joining as Will just didn't
feel right. I felt like I needed to use a name that aligned with the identity
that I had been fighting so hard to understand and set free. My decision was
instantaneous. In that moment, I knew my name because it was it was the name
that I'd been holding on to for almost 30 years. It was delicate, intricate, and
magical. I was Eleanor.